c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\obj\x86\Debug\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion.exe
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion.pdb
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\obj\x86\Debug\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion.exe
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\obj\x86\Debug\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion.pdb
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\_images_\Case.xnb
c:\users\polo\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\_images_\pieces.xnb
C:\Users\polo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\_images_\selection.xnb
C:\Users\polo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\_images_\africa.xnb
C:\Users\polo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\_images_\tileset.xnb
C:\Users\polo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\_images_\unit.xnb
C:\Users\polo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\_images_\curseur.xnb
C:\Users\polo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\_images_\case_deplace.xnb
C:\Users\polo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\_images_\fleche_move.xnb
C:\Users\polo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\_images_\blueSheet.xnb
C:\Users\polo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\_images_\UIpack.xnb
C:\Users\polo\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\Puzzle_Barbarian_Invasion\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\_Fonts_\Font.xnb
